src/data/markdown/docs/20 jslib/01 jslib/01 aws/00 AwsConfig.md, before:

---
title: 'AWSConfig'
head_title: 'AWSConfig'
description: 'AWSConfig is used to configure an AWS service client instances'
excerpt: 'AWSConfig is used to configure an AWS service client instances'
canonicalUrl: https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/jslib/aws/awsconfig/
---

AWSConfig is used to configure an AWS service client instance, such as [S3Client](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/s3client) or [SecretsManagerClient](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/secretsmanagerclient). It effectively allows the user to select a [region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.html) they wish to interact with, and the AWS credentials they wish to use to authenticate.

AWSConfig is included in the `aws.js` bundle, which includes all the content of the library. It is also included in the various services clients dedicated bundles such as `s3.js` and `secrets-manager.js`.

It takes an options object as its single parameter, with the following properties:

| Property                   | Type   | Description                                                                                                               |
| :------------------------- | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| region                     | string | the AWS region to connect to. As described by [Amazon AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html) |
| accessKeyID                | string | The AWS access key ID credential to use for authentication.                                                               |
| secretAccessKey            | string | The AWS secret access credential to use for authentication.                                                               |
| sessionToken (optional)    | string | The AWS secret access token to use for authentication.                                                               |

### Methods

| Name                | Description                                                                                                                                |
| :------------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `fromEnvironment()` | Creates an `AWSConfig` using the `AWS_REGION`, `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variables. |

### Throws

S3 Client methods will throw errors in case of failure.

| Error                      | Condition                                                  |
| :------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| InvalidArgumentException   | when an invalid region name or credentials were used.      |

### Example

<CodeGroup labels={[]}>

```javascript
import exec from 'k6/execution';

// Note that you AWSConfig is also included in the dedicated service
// client bundles such as `s3.js` and `secrets-manager.js`
import { AWSConfig, SecretsManagerClient } from 'https://jslib.k6.io/aws/0.11.0/aws.js';

const awsConfig = new AWSConfig({
  region: __ENV.AWS_REGION,
  accessKeyId: __ENV.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID,
  secretAccessKey: __ENV.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY,
});

const secretsManager = new SecretsManagerClient(awsConfig);

export default function () {
  // ...
}
```

_k6 will instantiate an `AWSConfig` object and use it to configure a `SecretsManagerClient` instance_

</CodeGroup>

Commit message:

docs: Add endpoint to AWSConfig in readme

src/data/markdown/docs/20 jslib/01 jslib/01 aws/00 AwsConfig.md, after:

---
title: 'AWSConfig'
head_title: 'AWSConfig'
description: 'AWSConfig is used to configure an AWS service client instances'
excerpt: 'AWSConfig is used to configure an AWS service client instances'
canonicalUrl: https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/javascript-api/jslib/aws/awsconfig/
---

AWSConfig is used to configure an AWS service client instance, such as [S3Client](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/s3client) or [SecretsManagerClient](/javascript-api/jslib/aws/secretsmanagerclient). It effectively allows the user to select a [region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.html) they wish to interact with, and the AWS credentials they wish to use to authenticate.

AWSConfig is included in the `aws.js` bundle, which includes all the content of the library. It is also included in the various services clients dedicated bundles such as `s3.js` and `secrets-manager.js`.

It takes an options object as its single parameter, with the following properties:

| Property                   | Type   | Description                                                                                                               |
| :------------------------- | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| region                     | string | the AWS region to connect to. As described by [Amazon AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html) |
| accessKeyID                | string | The AWS access key ID credential to use for authentication.                                                               |
| secretAccessKey            | string | The AWS secret access credential to use for authentication.                                                               |
| sessionToken (optional)    | string | The AWS secret access token to use for authentication.                                                                    |
| endpoint (optional)    | string | The AWS endpoint. Useful for local testing.                                                                                   |

### Methods

| Name                | Description                                                                                                                                |
| :------------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `fromEnvironment()` | Creates an `AWSConfig` using the `AWS_REGION`, `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variables. |

### Throws

S3 Client methods will throw errors in case of failure.

| Error                      | Condition                                                  |
| :------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| InvalidArgumentException   | when an invalid region name or credentials were used.      |

### Example

<CodeGroup labels={[]}>

```javascript
import exec from 'k6/execution';

// Note that you AWSConfig is also included in the dedicated service
// client bundles such as `s3.js` and `secrets-manager.js`
import { AWSConfig, SecretsManagerClient } from 'https://jslib.k6.io/aws/0.11.0/aws.js';

const awsConfig = new AWSConfig({
  region: __ENV.AWS_REGION,
  accessKeyId: __ENV.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID,
  secretAccessKey: __ENV.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY,
});

const secretsManager = new SecretsManagerClient(awsConfig);

export default function () {
  // ...
}
```

_k6 will instantiate an `AWSConfig` object and use it to configure a `SecretsManagerClient` instance_

</CodeGroup>
